Further EVP_SKEY API implementation (#25908)
openssl/openssl: CHANGES.md

  *Tomáš Mráz*

> * Support of opaque objects as symmetric keys for ciphers

Reviewer: Just a suggestion:
```suggestion
* Support for opaque symmetric keys objects.  These replace 
  the ad-hoc byte arrays that are pervasive throughout the library.
```

>   *Dmitry Belyavskiy*
>   *Simo Sorce*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  *Dmitry Belyavskiy and Simo Sorce*
```
is the usual way to specify multiple authors I thinks.
